Please ensure that this Privacy Policy is perused by You before availing any services from Us. This Privacy Policy shall be updated from time to time and to stay abreast with our methods of using Your information and protecting Your privacy, please keep reviewing this Policy
Last Updated: 12 January 2024
Eagle Drop Private Limited, a private limited company with its registered office at 'Bilva' No. 137, 1st Floor, pipli Road, Mahendranagar Chowkdi, Morbi – 363642, Gujarat, India (“Company”, "We", "Us", "Our" and terms of similar meaning) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy shall apply to the Users, Delivery Partners (as defined in the Terms of Use). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the Users, Delivery Partners (as defined in the Terms of Use) shall together hereinafter be referred to as “You”, “Your” or “Yourself”.

The Company has adopted this Privacy Policy to set out the manner in which personal data and other information is collected, received, stored, processed, disclosed, transferred, dealt with and handled by the Company in relation to Your use of our Services (defined below) through the mobile application Eagle Drop (“App”) (collectively referred to as the “Platform”) or initiating or undertaking any transaction on the Platform. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to Our Terms of Use (“Terms”) and shall be read harmoniously and in conjunction with the Terms. In the event of any conflict between the Terms and this Privacy Policy, the provisions of the Terms shall supersede the Privacy Policy. All capitalised terms not defined under this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable Terms.

Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy by contacting Us by writing to Us at ED-Support@gmail.com

1. Our Statement of Privacy Practice

Your information is collected and processed in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

2. Collection of Information

2.1.1 In order to enhance the user experience and provide Our Services, Company collects information about You from two sources: (i) information You affirmatively and voluntarily give to us; and (ii) information automatically collected when You visit Our Platform or use any of Our Services.
2.1.2 Information You Give Us:

To provide our full range of Services, we may collect the following types of information from you, as applicable:
Your name, gender, email address, mobile and/or telephone numbers, service address, and contact details of people you refer to us.
Information about the service address, search queries, location or services sought, reviews, ratings, order details and history, chat history, and other documents you provide based on the nature of the service sought through the Platform.
Additional optional information you may provide.
We may also enable features that require access to your address book. If you sign up as a Delivery Partner, we may collect location details, government-issued identification documents, statutory registrations, KYC details, call and SMS records, and health-related information such as body temperature, symptoms (e.g., fever, cough, cold), vaccination status, and other health conditions.

Additionally, if you provide third-party information (e.g., name and contact details) through a referral program, or if you give us personal information during service bookings, customer surveys, or promotional offers, we may collect that as well.

All such data will collectively be referred to as “Personal Information.”

2.1.3 Non-Personal Information:
When You use the App, We may collect certain non-personal information, such as:

Your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, device model, software and hardware attributes, and mobile network information.
Aggregate user data, search history, active seconds or minutes on the App, frequency of visits, and the date and time of Your usage.
This type of information does not identify You personally but helps us improve and personalize Your experience.

2.1.4 Notification Permissions:
We may request permission to send You notifications to keep You updated about Your order status or other important service-related updates. These notifications will be used solely for enhancing Your experience on the App and ensuring timely communication.

2.1.5 Device Information:
When You download and use the App, We may receive information about Your device, including:

A unique identifier for Your device, device model, operating system, app versions, and location data (if enabled).
If You permit the App to access Your location, We may collect precise or approximate location data when the App is running in the foreground.
This information is used to provide location-based services, such as displaying search results or personalized content relevant to Your location.

2.1.6 User Communications:
When You communicate with Us through emails, or other means, We may retain these communications to process Your inquiries, respond to requests, and improve our Services.

2.1.7 Third-Party Information:
We may receive information about You from third parties, such as other users, partners, or affiliates. For Delivery Partners, We may also record calls with Us for service-related purposes, collect SMS details, and receive feedback or ratings from other users.

2.2 Use of Personal Information:
Once We receive Your personal information, You no longer remain anonymous to Us. We may use this information to perform internal research, analyze demographics, interests, and behavior, and improve our Services. Such information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis without personally identifying You.

We indicate fields that are mandatory and optional. You may decide whether or not to provide optional information.

2.3 Declining to Provide Information:
You may choose not to provide certain personal information. However, if We do not receive the required information for completing Your tasks or transactions on the App, a Delivery Partner may decline to complete the task or transaction initiated on the Platform.


3. Additional Information

When You use Our services, We may collect information about You, with Your permission, in the following general categories:

3.1 Address Book: For certain features, We will need access to Your address book on Your device. If You permit Us to access Your address book, We may access and store names and contact information from Your address book to facilitate certain service features on the App.
3.2 Transaction Information: We collect transaction details related to Your use of Our Platform, including the type of service requested, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, and other related transaction details. Further, We may also collect personal information of third parties who are not registered on the Platform, including names, telephone numbers and addresses, for the limited purpose of completing the transaction initiated by You on the Platform.

4. Use of Personal Information

4.1 The information collected by Us through our Platform maybe used inter alia for the following purposes:
(a) To allow You to use Services on the Platform and to carry out Our obligations arising from any contracts between You and Us.
(b) To allow You to undertake or initiate any transactions on the Platform;
(c) For internal record keeping of the Company;
(d) To improve our Services;
(e) To improve Your usage of the Platform, to manage Your Account, etc
(f) To respond to Your comments, reviews and questions, provide customer support and better Service;
(g) To communicate important notices or changes to the Services provided by Company on the Platform, use of the Platform and the terms/policies which govern the relationship between You and the Company;
(h) For internal purposes of the Company such as enhancing security of the Platform, auditing, testing, troubleshooting, data analysis and research conducted either indirectly/directly by Company;
(i) For promotion and marketing purposes by Company;
(j) To track the order status, processing and delivery as applicable to You;
(k) For collating Your feedback, providing offers, doing surveys and conducting research on Our user base for usage and improvement of Services;
(l) For any other purposes with Your consent.
4.2 From time to time, we may use Your information to customize, develop, improve the Platform according to your interests
4.3 We may use personal information to resolve disputes that may arise with the use of Our services on the Platform, help promote a safe service to You on the Platform, measure consumer interest in Our services, customize Your experience, detect and protect Us against error, fraud and other illegal activity, enforce Our terms and conditions.
4.4 We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Platform. Your IP address is also used to help identify You and to gather broad demographic information
4.5 We shall be entitled to retain Your Personal Information for such duration as may be required for the purposes specified hereunder and shall be used Us only in consonance with this Privacy Policy.

5. Sharing of Personal Information

5.1 You hereby expressly consent and allow Us to:

5.1.1 disclose Your personal information if required to do so by law or when We believe that such disclosure is appropriate to comply with law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.

5.1.2 disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our Users or the general public.

5.1.3 disclose Your information, to (i) protect and defend the rights or property of the Company, including to enforce Our agreements, policies, and Terms and; (ii) protect the personal safety of You, the Company, its members and employees, or any person, in an emergency; and (iv) protect Company from incurring any legal liability. In such an event Company shall be under no obligation to specifically inform You or seek Your further approval or consent.

5.2 Any content or personal information that You share or upload on any current or future publicly viewable portion of the Platform (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) will be publicly available, and can be viewed by others.

5.3 If You provide a mobile phone number and/or e-mail address, the Company, or other parties registered on the Platform may call You or send You communications in relation to Your use of the Platform or Your any transaction initiated by You on the Platform. We and our affiliates will share/transfer some or all of the collected information (personal or otherwise) with another business entity should We (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or reorganization, amalgamation, restructuring of business, in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding. Should such a transaction occur, that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be contractually bound to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

5.4 We do not disclose personal information about identifiable individuals to advertisers, but We may provide them with aggregate and/or anonymised information about You and other registered Users, Delivery Partner to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the information We have collected from You to enable Us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.

6. Transparency and Choice

6.1 Your acknowledgement. All information disclosed by You shall be deemed to be disclosed willingly and without any coercion. No liability pertaining to the authenticity/genuineness/ misrepresentation/ fraud/negligence, etc. of the information disclosed shall lie on the Company nor will the Company in any way be responsible to verify any information obtained from You.
6.2 Withdraw consent. You may choose to withdraw Your consent provided hereunder at any point in time. You may exercise your right to withdraw Your consent: (a) by writing to ED-Support@gmail.com .
6.2.1 If You exercise Your right to withdraw Your consent, You accept and agree that
(a) You will lose access to Your account information, saved addresses, order history and
(b) You will no longer be able to undertake any transaction on the Platform or access the Service available on the Platform for which the said information was sought on the Platform.
6.2.2 Please note that You may not withdraw Your consent, until
(a) You are a part of any on-going transaction on the Platform; and/or
(b) have a pending payment for a completed transaction on the Platform; and/or
(c) have an open support channel for any transaction (whether ongoing or completed).
6.2.3 Further, You acknowledge and agree that in case of such withdrawal of Your consent, the Company reserves the right to store Your information in an anonymized form such that the information stored will not be attributable to you or identify You in any manner whatsoever. The Company shall complete the anonymizing the data within 30 days from the date of withdrawal of consent. Further, the Company may also store certain information provided by You, or collected in process of Your use of the Platform, as may be required under applicable laws.
6.3 Rectification: You represent and warrant that any and all information, including but not limited to Your Personal Information is absolutely correct and complete in all aspects. You further undertake to immediately update any change or variation of Your Personal Information on the Platform by sending Us a request in writing to ED-Support@gmail.com to rectify or update Your Account. Once You send us an email to Us, You agree to comply with the instructions as may be provided/communicated by Us.


7. Information Safety

All information You provide is securely stored on servers protected by passwords and pins to ensure no unauthorized person can access it. Once Your information is in Our possession, We adhere to strict security guidelines to safeguard it against unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, in compliance with applicable laws.

The Company takes reasonable steps to protect Your privacy and information (personal or otherwise), but You also play a critical role in maintaining security. You should not share Your username, password, or other account security information with anyone.

You expressly consent to the sharing of Your information with trusted third-party service providers, such as:

Vendors
Insurance agents and insurers
Promotion and marketing partners
Consultants, research firms, and business partners
Such sharing is done to enhance service delivery and for operational purpose

While the Company implements robust security measures to protect Your data, it cannot guarantee absolute security. This includes data transmission through the Platform, which may still be vulnerable to:

Errors in transmission
Unauthorized third-party access
Causes beyond the Company’s control
The Company assumes no liability for any such breaches. Although we strive to protect Your information, You acknowledge that no system is completely secure.

8. Public Posts

If the Platform permits You, You may provide Your feedback, reviews, comments, etc. on the Platform on Your use of the Platform and/or in relation to any transactions on the Platform on any portion of the Platform that is publicly viewable (“Posts”). In such an event, (i) Your Posts shall have to comply with the conditions relating to Posts as mentioned in the applicable Terms of Use and applicable law; and (ii) the Company shall have an unconditional right to remove and delete any Post or such part of the Post that, in the sole opinion of the Company, does not comply with the conditions in the applicable Terms of Use or applicable law. All Posts shall be publicly accessible and visible to all Users of the Platform. Company reserves the right to use, reproduce and share such Posts for any purpose at its discretion. If You delete Your Posts from the Platform, copies of such Posts may remain viewable in archived pages, or such Posts may have been copied or stored by other Users.

9. Choice/Opt-Out

We provide all Users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from Us on behalf of our partners, and from Us in general, after providing Us with personal information. If You want to remove your contact information from all lists and newsletters, please contact ED-Support@gmail.com. If You opt out, the Company may still send You non-promotional emails/communications, such as emails/communications with respect to the Platform and Your account and related transactions.

12. Changes to our Privacy Policy

We reserve the unconditional right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without specifically notifying You of such changes. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately. You should review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes. You can determine if changes have been made by checking the “Last Updated” legend above. If we make any significant changes we will endeavour to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice on the Platform or to your email address on record and where required by applicable law, We will obtain your consent. Your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy / Your continued use of our services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Policy shall signify Your consent to such changes and agreement to be legally bound by the same

13. Grievances

In the event You have any grievances relating to the Privacy Policy, please inform within 24 hours of occurrence of the instance from which the grievance has arisen, by writing an email to the Grievance Officer at ED-Support@gmail.com.






